Document multicast support for udp component (#4576)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/udp.rst

- **port** (*Optional*, int): The destination UDP port number to use. Defaults to ``18511``.
- **addresses** (*Optional*, list of IPv4 addresses): One or more IP addresses to broadcast data to. Defaults to ``255.255.255.255``
  which is the local network broadcast address.
- **listen_address** (*Optional*, IPv4 address): Changes to multicast, adding an address to listen to. Defaults to no multicast address, just

>   local network broadcast address ``255.255.255.255``. **NOTE**: Adding a multicast address stops it from listen on unicast address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  local network broadcast address ``255.255.255.255``. **NOTE**: Adding a multicast address stops it from listening on the broadcast address.
```
